# Interview Preparation Reflection
## 1. Tell me about a time you faced a major technical obstacle. How did you resolve it?
When developing EZDocs, an AI-assisted documentation tool for Senior Capstone, I faced a significant challenge when creating the frontend design of our website. When creating the design I had little understanding of what went into designing my own system and what goes into designing a front end. The challenge was to make the frontend easy to operate for a beginner user and effecient in getting the user to where they need. My approach started with creating a shell of a design, having many user paths that could be made from the home page of our website. However, I realized from my Human Computer Interaction class, that more options over complicates the system and could overwhelm the user. I also recieved feedback that lead me to the realization of how important a user path is to website design. Using what I had learn, I focused on the user path and minimalistic design. This helped me create a intuitive design that is easy to use for a first time user, allowing them to be able to focus on their documentation and not having to learn how to operate the website. 

## 2. What's a non-technical skill you've developed that you're most proud of?
A non-technical skill I developed was being able to express techinical concepts to begineers. This realization started when I became a tutor at the Rondo library. My strengths in math and computer science made me a go to for technical tutoring help. I believe that there is a difference in knowing what you are doing and being able to teach it to someone else. This difference was evident to me once I started tutoring. At first it was hard to explain what is going through my head when helping a student with their homework but then after doing it multiple times I got the hang of it. This non technical skill helped me even today in my job as a IT Support Specialist, being able to explain technical problems to my users and giving them guidance on solving their own problems in the future. This has then in turn got me a full time job offer once I have finished my degree.

## 3. Have you ever led a project or taken initiative on a team?
The first team based project that I had taken on was my Senior Capstone creating EZDocs. I worked along side two of my classmates Anton Lacson and Alex Cole to create this product. I enjoy working in a team and collaborating with others because of what more you can achieve working with a group rather than individually. I was impressed by all my teammates work, and how we really came together to create a final product. I specifically lead in the design of the frontend and listened to my team to build a beginner friendly front end design. I as well collaborated with my partner Anton on doing extensive research on templates and how to design a template that would benefit beginners to technical documentation. Overall, what I had learned from working in a team was that collaboration is key, and that you can accomplish more if you work with your team effectively than on your own.
